ADAPTED FROM THE NOVEL OF THE SAME NAME
BY ZHU YI ON WWW.JJWXC.NET
Java is a powerful language.
It can be used to develop
different types of software systems
at various levels
and for different application contexts.
In recent years, cloud computing
and big data have become very popular.
Java is applied in software systems
with different application contexts
in these fields.
It is known for its high fault tolerance.
It can be deployed on low-cost,
general software.
It is suitable for software
that involves
storing massive amounts of data.
SECOND-CLASS SEAT AVAILABLE
YIHE
YIHE UNIVERSITY
3,399 DAYS
BEIYU TUNNEL 3 RESCUE, HOUR 13
BEIYU
NEWS REPORTING VEHICLE
Everyone, hurry up. Move quickly.
Grab your stuff and follow me, quickly!
- What are you guys doing?
- Hello.
We're reporters from Nanwu TV station.
Hurry up!
- Catch up, quick!
- Don't cross the blockade line.
It's very dangerous there now.
Got it. Thank you.
- No need.
- Hurry up!
Everyone, remember this.
Find your positions.
Remember this.
Don't interfere with the rescue.
Stay safe.
Oh my God.
I will never watch disaster movies again.
This is really scary.
This is what
being a reporter is all about.
We're here to show the truth
to our viewers.
A serious mudslide occurred
at Beiyu Tunnel 3.
Currently, it is known
seven vehicles are trapped
inside the tunnel.
After the incident,
the municipal government immediately
activated the rescue plan.
I will now provide a deeper report.
- Miss, please stop!
- Yu!
It's dangerous ahead. You can't go in!
- She's a family member.
- Save my daughter!
Her name is Shi Jiayu!
Family members, please rest to the side.
Please stay calm.
- Save my daughter!
- If you go in now,
it will interfere with our rescue.
Please rest to the side. Is that okay?
- Family members, please rest to the side.
- Let's rest over there.
Is that okay?
Yifan, let's continue…
Yifan?
- What's wrong?
- I'm fine.
So far,
more than a dozen injured
have been successfully rescued.
They are being sent
to the hospital for treatment.
It is understood
that the cause of the accident
was the continuous heavy rain.
This is a disaster
that caught everyone by surprise.
Stay tuned
for further reports by Nanwu TV.
You've worked hard.
It's nothing.
I hope they're rescued soon.
You're taking a break?
- Ms. Qian.
- No need to get up.
Just take a break.
Well, Fu Zhuang, Yifan,
I'll need you both
to stay here a bit longer.
If anything happens,
keep in touch with me at any time.
Don't worry.
If anything happens,
we'll communicate in the group.
How come you're bleeding here?
Are you okay?
It's nothing serious.
It's probably a scratch from the debris.
Do you need to get it treated?
Maybe find some medicine and disinfect it.
It's really nothing serious.
You can go back to the rest area now.
- Are you really okay?
- I'm really fine.
Be careful.
Then we'll head back first.
Be sure to stay safe, you two.
Communicate with us anytime
if something happens.
Okay.
- We're leaving first.
- Thank you, Yifan.
- You've worked hard today.
- You, too.
You've worked hard. Rest early tonight.
You too, get some rest.
What's wrong?
I've never seen so much blood.
You'll get used to it.
It's inevitable in journalism.
Drink some water.
Thank you.
Wash up and go to bed early.
If you feel unwell, wake me up.
Don't feel embarrassed.
Thank you, Yifan.
SANG YAN
SANG YAN: HOW'S IT GOING?
I'M FINE, AND EVERYTHING'S OKAY
BEIYU TUNNEL 3 RESCUE, HOUR 38
Yifan, Fang Li.
Ms. Qian is calling us to head out.
Quick.
Let's go.
BEIYU TUNNEL 3 RESCUE, HOUR 46
We've found a suspected survivor here!
It looks like another person was rescued!
Come on. Dig faster!
Everyone, dig with your hands!
Come on, little one.
I found a little girl inside.
More people, come over here!
Come on, girl.
There's a child. Be careful!
- Do it gently.
- Come on.
Come on, little one.
- Give me your hand.
- Mind her head.
My dad's still inside.
Yu!
- Mind her head.
- Be careful.
Save my dad…
- Little one.
- Little one, lie down.
My dad's still inside…
Get the ambulance closer!
Your dad will be out soon.
The skylight's too small.
My dad can't crawl out…
Save my dad…
Be careful.
Do it gently.
Hurry, get her in the ambulance!
Dad…
- Yu!
- Dad…
- My dad's still inside…
- Yu!
Ambulance, open the door! Hurry!
- Be careful.
- Yu, don't be scared.
Mom's here. Don't be scared!
Dad…
Yu! Yu, don't be scared.
- Mom's here!
- Dad's still inside…
Dad…
Yu, don't be scared.
Mom's here. Don't cry.
Hello, everyone.
I'm Su Tian, a reporter from Nanwu TV.
We've just learned
that among the 17 rescued victims,
14 have minor injuries,
and three have more severe injuries.
They are currently receiving treatment.
The one most people are concerned about
is seven-year-old girl Shi Jiayu.
She is still under observation in the ICU.
Any latest updates will be brought
to you as soon as possible.
Is Shi Jiayu still in the ICU?
Please wait. I'll check
if she's been moved from the ICU
to a regular ward.
- Should we do an interview?
- Yes.
I originally planned to take Yu abroad
for immigration next month.
I've divorced her father.
This time, it's a farewell trip
between her and her father.
But…
I never imagined
we'd encounter such a disaster.
Now, Yu's father's life and death
are still unknown.
I really have no idea
how to tell Yu about this
when she wakes up…
It's okay. Everything will be fine.
Your daughter's medication
has been changed.
- You can go visit her now.
- Okay.
Mom.
Tian, how's everything over there?
I didn't want to disturb you yesterday.
Is it dangerous over there?
It's not dangerous. Everything's fine.
How's the baby? Let me see.
Okay. Look.
Look, the baby's asleep.
She's asleep?
Mom, you've worked hard.
I still have some things to do.
I'll hang up now.
Okay, go ahead.
Be sure to stay safe.
What's wrong?
Is everything fine at home?
Yes.
- Is the baby fine?
- She's fine.
Alright, tomorrow,
you don't need to go to the site.
Just stay at the hospital and keep watch.
It's alright, Ms. Qian.
I'm recovering well after childbirth.
The hospital also needs someone to stay.
Don't overthink it.
- Thank you, Ms. Qian.
- No need to be polite.
Alright, stop crying.
This vehicle
was overturned due to the impact
of the mudslide.
Fortunately, a tree broken by the stones
was positioned over the vehicle.
This created a narrow survival space.
So, the little girl
could escape through the skylight.
But the skylight was very small.
The little girl's father, Mr. Shi,
is still trapped in the car.
Excuse me, Leader Li. Is it possible
to determine her father's location
from the place
where the little girl was rescued?
There was hope at first.
However,
there was another collapse just now.
The vehicle shifted
and got buried even deeper.
Although the difficulty
of the rescue is great,
as long as there's a sliver of hope,
- we will never give up!
- Thank you.
And you media colleagues,
please be sure to stay safe.
Excuse me. Let me pass.
Leader Li, we've dug out Mr. Shi!
- We got him?
- We've dug out Mr. Shi!
- Hurry up!
- Hurry!
Watch your step! Quick!
Take care! Stay safe!
My daughter…
is named Yu…
Yifan,
I bought some authentic local breakfast.
It's really delicious. Try it.
Thank you.
- What's wrong?
- Nothing.
Yifan,
I'm starting to admire you more.
You've barely rested,
yet you're not tired.
- I think…
- What?
Nothing.
You can have the breakfast first.
I'm going to reply to a message.
There are nine days left.
Let me know when you receive my message.
When you come back, bring me an apple.
Today's Christmas Eve.
I don't know if I'll get the chance
to make it back before his birthday.
Everyone, gather up! We're heading out!
Hello.
I just arrived at the hotel.
I've been busy all day.
I guessed it. It's alright.
Is everything okay?
Why are you stealing my words?
Your voice sounds tired.
Yeah, a bit.
My eyes are almost too tired to keep open.
I'll sleep in a bit.
Yifan, I'll head back to rest now.
Goodnight, Yifan.
Well…
Goodnight.
It sounds like
it's raining heavily over there.
Be sure to stay warm.
Okay.
Merry Christmas Eve.
SANG YAN
The apple is just a sketch for now.
I'll get you the real one when I return.
Alright.
Go to sleep. Remember to lock the door.
Don't sleepwalk around.
If you really want to sleepwalk,
just wander around in your room.
Your victim can only be me. Got it?
After continuous efforts
from the rescuers,
the danger at the scene has been cleared.
Tunnel 3 is almost open.
Currently, the 18 rescued victims
are in stable condition.
They are receiving further treatment
and observation at the hospital.
Looking back
at these heart-pounding moments,
we, the First News team from Nanwu TV,
captured every one with our cameras.
Please continue to follow
our ongoing reports.
Alright. Everyone, stay alert.
Let me say a few words.
Fu Zhuang, listen up.
Everyone's worked really hard
over the past few days.
And last night, we stayed up all night.
Sorry for troubling everyone.
But
all the hard work this time
has been worth it.
Our live broadcast and reports
have received attention.
So, when we get back to Nanwu,
I'll treat everyone to a nice meal.
How does that sound?
Great!
Thanks, Ms. Qian!
By the way, there's one more thing.
The report on the trapped victims,
Shi Lei and his family,
is really gaining traction online.
Yifan, you've been following this story.
So, you'll need to stay a few more days
to cover the follow-up reports.
- Okay.
- Alright.
If there's nothing else,
you all may head back and get some rest.
Take a good rest.
We'll head back now, Ms. Qian.
Okay.
It seems
it will be difficult to return
before his birthday.
I've already told my mom.
I'm not going abroad with her.
I'll stay here to be with Dad.
I gave up custody before because…
my ex-wife could provide
a better life for Yu.
Our marriage didn't last…
- I want to be with Dad now…
- It's not just about her.
- I'm not leaving…
- Should we
have Yu avoid this topic?
No need.
She's already grown up.
We used to be a family.
She has the right to know all of this.
And through this experience,
I see
Yu has become stronger and braver.
Right, Yu?
- Can you hold on for a bit?
- Okay.
Okay.
Ms. Li!
Don't you really consider
giving us an interview?
No.
I understand you must have your reasons.
You probably don't want
to give up custody either.
Back when I was with Shi Lei,
we fought a lot about money.
Looking back now,
I realize life is really fragile.
Staying with the person you love safely
and leaving no regrets
are already the greatest happiness.
Honestly, I don't care what others say.
I just don't want to hurt Yu.
Mom, why are you over there?
Why aren't you coming over?
Come on. Give me a hug.
Leaving no regrets…
Don't cry.
I hope every story in this world
can have a happy ending.
That's a great thing to say.
Yifan, are we heading back
to the hotel now?
Wen Yifan.
What's wrong? Did you meet someone?
- Did you run into someone you know?
- No.
Did you guys hear someone calling my name?
I'm not sure. But I think so.
I think it was a man.
I didn't hear it.
Happy birthday.
Luckily, it's just past midnight.
- Hello.
I ordered a cake for you. It should arrive
at your place around noon.
And as for the gift,
I'll get it for you
when I come back, okay?
You seem pretty sincere.
It's worth my 70 days of reporting.
But I can't return today.
I won't be back until tomorrow.
And… happy birthday.
Let's consider my birthday this year
to be tomorrow.
There is one more day left.
…one more day left.
JANUARY 2
It's still raining.
Did I wake you up?
Yifan,
aren't you sleepy at all?
BEIYU HIGH SCHOOL
How did the exam go this morning?
It went well this morning.
I'll keep pushing this afternoon.
And I'll do even better tomorrow.
BEIYU NOSTALGIC NOODLES
MEET THE ONE YOU LOVE AGAIN AND AGAIN
Your dishes are here.
DEDICATED TO NOODLES
BEIYU NOSTALGIC NOODLES
Everything's still the same as before.
What would you like to eat?
I'll…
I'll take a bowl of wonton noodles.
Girl, it's you!
Long time no see!
Yeah.
After the college entrance exam,
I haven't lived in this city.
Alright, hold on for a bit.
I'm going to cook your noodles.
- No rush. Take your time.
- Alright.
BEIYU NOSTALGIC NOODLES
BEIYU, ALWAYS RAINING
You haven't posted on Moments in ages.
What's going on today?
WHEN YOU'RE OLD, I WON'T FORGET
THE TIME WE SPENT TOGETHER
Your dish is here.
It's rare for you
to come back and support.
Try it.
See if it tastes the same
as when you were a kid.
Thanks.
It's raining again.
It's getting cold.
Enjoy your meal.
That day, when we broke up in the rain…
I saw an expression on his face
I'd never seen.
Sang Yan deserves…
all the good things in the world.
Back then,
he was such a brilliant youth.
I'll definitely get into Nanwu University.
You deserve all the good things.
I should be brave for him this time.
This time, I'll take the initiative.
Sang Yan.
What's wrong?
Does what you said before still count?
What did I say?
You said…
You said if I pursued you,
you might consider it.
I'm just letting you know about this
in advance. Think about it.
I am…
not that bad, right?
Of course not.
Girl,
I think this rain
isn't going to stop anytime soon.
Let me give you an umbrella.
I want to stay here a bit longer.
Let's wait for the rain to stop, okay?
Alright, no problem.
I probably…
won't come here again.
I just want to stay here a bit longer.
It all feels
like a dream.
Handsome, what would you like?
Maybe next time.
This time… I'm here to pick someone up.
It's you!
Earlier, I saw this girl coming alone.
I thought you two
weren't in contact anymore.
That's great. After all these years,
you're still together.
Next time we come to Beiyu,
I'll take care of your business again.
Alright.
How come you're here?
Through the magic door.
You finished all the food? Want some more?
How did you know I was here?
Whenever I come to Beiyu, I stop by here.
What are you looking at?
I was thinking, if I were a boss,
what kind of store would I open here?
Did you think of something?
What about you?
If it were you,
what kind of store would you open?
Me?
I…
I want to open a small shop.
This place's not large, already.
I'm talking about the kind
where you can stay as long as you want
and where you can relieve your stress.
I want it to be a place
where students can come to have noodles
and read books after school.
Where people can come in
for some food after work.
I'd also play my favorite music for them.
At that time,
customers here
can work while eating noodles,
without the feeling of overtime.
What?
Is that still a noodle shop?
It doesn't matter.
This is the kind of shop I like.
Good.
Good for what?
When I have money,
I'll buy this place and open you
a small shop
for relaxation and stress relief.
That's my wish.
- What does that have to do with you?
- It's settled then.
Eat up.
When I have money,
I'll buy this place and open you
a small shop
for relaxation and stress relief.
Reporter Wen, you've been working overtime
for a whole week.
My friend said a new restaurant
just opened on Gastropub Street,
and the boss is really handsome.
I'm the boss of Overtime.
My surname is Sang.
BEIYU NOSTALGIC NOODLES
Hold this.
Give it to me.
Wen Shuangjiang.
There are some things
I've always thought
too pretentious to say.
Even saying a single word
felt embarrassing.
But in this life,
I have to say it once.
Haven't you…
noticed yet?
After all these years,
I still…
only like you.
BEIYU NOSTALGIC NOODLES
Say something.
If…
you think saying these words
are too pretentious…
then let me say them from now on.
Though, right now,
it's a little hard for me to say them.
We're…
We're now…
We're mutually in love.
So, from now on…
you're my boyfriend?
Yes!
Are you really this happy?
Well,
to get a man as extraordinary as me,
it's definitely worth
celebrating for ages.
Let's go back.
Move the umbrella over to your side a bit.
You're all wet.
Wen Shuangjiang,
when enjoying someone else's service,
could you have fewer complaints?
Also,
you deserve to be treated this way.
- What are you looking at?
- I want to buy something.
I want two apples.
- Got it.
- You want to eat apples?
I promised to get you the real one.
THE STORY IS NOT OVER YET…
Let's consider my birthday this year
to be tomorrow.
There's one more day left.
NANWU TO BEIYU
WEN YIFAN
Sang Yan.
What's wrong?
Does what you said before still count?
You said…
You said if I pursued you,
you might consider it.
I'm just letting you know about this
in advance. Think about it.
Handsome, what would you like?
Maybe next time.
This time… I'm here to pick someone up.
HUGE THANKS TO EVERYONE INVOLVED
AND TO ALL THE FANS OF THE FIRST FROST!
TREAT YOURSELF WELL
AND THE WORLD WILL HOLD MORE LOVE FOR YOU!